feat: add a concurrent load requests limit x peer (#3366)
garden-co/jazz: .changeset/client-load-throttling.md

---
"cojson": patch
---

> Added client-side load request throttling to improve the loading experience when loading alot data concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added client-side load request throttling to improve the loading experience when loading a lot of data concurrently.
```
